hours x φ x 10 x tier_multiplier
φ is golden ratio, wonder if theres smth for that 

where the hell is phi used tho 

Price per roll:

Default roll chance:

Price per upgrade:

Upgrade chance increase:

Calculate
Optimal strategy --> Upgrades: x, Rolls: y

Total cost: () | Chance per roll: ()% | Total chance: ()%

Hours: (T1), (T2), (T3), (T4)

IF I HAD ACCESS TO THE AIRTABLE I COULDVE MADE THIS BETTER 


I feel like i have to let this be known somehow but i actually used freaking calculus to make the algorithm LMAOOOOO

ap calc finally has a use huh

actually wait maybe i can use it to make a graph.....

since calculus can be used/a graph can be shown for each scenario maybe visualize that?

1 - Simple tutorials, small scripts
	0.8x
	12 scraps

2 - Moderate projects, multi-file
	1.0x
	16 scraps

3 - Complex features, APIs, integrations
	1.25x
	20 scraps

4 - Full applications, major undertakings
	1.5x
	24 scraps

The Refinery is a feature on the website where you can boost the probability of obtaining an item in exchange for additional scraps. You can fully max out an item's percentage to 100% to guarantee you'll receive it from the store. You can undo refinery upgrades at any time. However, if you successfully obtain an item, all refinery upgrades for that item will be removed and a penalty will be applied to the item's percentage, making it harder to purchase the same item again.

im gonna need to figure out the penalty amt sob

Every item in the store has a percentage chance based on how rare, expensive, or niche it is. When you attempt to purchase an item, you’re gambling with the scraps you've earned from your projects, and you may or may not receive the item you wanted. This gamble system is why store items require relatively few hours or are inexpensive in terms of scraps. However, you can increase your chances by using “The Refinery,” which boosts the probability of successfully obtaining an item in exchange for additional scraps.

it just halves your chances lol

but refinery % and price stays the same?
just base % lowers?

yep
